Updated intro material based on feedback from early users (#69)
LangStream/documentation: about/what-is-langstream.md

---
description: Open-source framework for building and running event-driven Gen AI applications
---

# What is LangStream?

> **LangStream** is a powerful framework for building and running Generative AI (Gen AI) applications. If you're a developer keen on leveraging the prowess of Large Language Models (LLMs) like GTP-4 or vector databases like Pinecone, all while maintaining the flexibility of stream processing, LangStream is your go-to solution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**LangStream** is a powerful framework for building and running Generative AI (Gen AI) applications. If you're a developer keen on leveraging the prowess of Large Language Models (LLMs) like GPT-4 or vector databases like Astra DB or Pinecone, all while maintaining the flexibility of stream processing, LangStream is your go-to solution. 
```
